Docsp 46527 -- Add Troubleshooting entry (#885)
mongodb/docs-atlas-cli: source/troubleshooting.txt

   docker stop $(docker ps -a -q) && docker system prune -a

> Failed to Install or Update of the AtlasCLI Plugin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Failed to Install or Update the {+atlas-cli+} Plugin
```

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

If you are experiencing a failed installation of the AtlasCLI plugin, check to 

> make sure that you have access to the GitHub API, as GitHub API access is 
> required  in order to use the Atlas CLI in Docker. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
make sure that you have access to GitHub, as GitHub API access is 
required in order to use the Atlas CLI. 
```

Noting this access to gh isn't just for Atlas CLI in Docker

Would it be useful to provide more context on why GH access is needed?  Eg:
```
required  in order to retrieve Atlas CLI plugins. 
```
WDYT?

> If you are experiencing a failed installation or update of an {+atlas-cli+} 
> plugin, check to make sure that you have access to the `GitHub API <https://docs.github.com/en/rest?apiVersion=2022-11-28>`__, 

Reviewer: passive voice fix + direct to page without hard set api version

```suggestion
If the {+atlas-cli+} plugin fails to install or update, make sure that you have 
access to the `GitHub API <https://docs.github.com/en/rest>`__, 
```

> as GitHub API access is required  in order to install or update the {+atlas-cli+}. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as GitHub API access is required to install or update the {+atlas-cli+}. 
```

   docker stop $(docker ps -a -q) && docker system prune -a

Failed to Install or Update the AtlasCLI Plugin
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> If you are experiencing a failed installation or update of an {+atlas-cli+} 
> plugin, If the {+atlas-cli+} plugin fails to install or update, make sure that you have 
> access to the `GitHub API <https://docs.github.com/en/rest>`__, 
> as GitHub API access is required to install or update the {+atlas-cli+}. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If a {+atlas-cli+} plugin fails to install or update, make sure that you have 
access to the `GitHub API <https://docs.github.com/en/rest>`__, 
as GitHub API access is required to install or update a {+atlas-cli+} plugin. 
```
